Remember to eat?
Hey Tingting
Hey, Yoyo, come down
I was worried that Yoyo didn't know anyone here
Now the stone is also there. It's great.
Why is Yoyo going to school here?
This is arranged by my boss.
Then your boss is really nice.
It's good that the two children can be friends
He goes to school on a donkey.
I don't make friends with poor people
This kid is talking nonsense
Auntie, don't scold him.
He won't be my friend.
I would laugh under the covers at night.
Goodbye mom
Slow down, take a good class
Hey, that sweet
I'll be going then. Sure. See you later.
Even help his child go to school
It seems that Gu Shen really cares about their mother and son
Are you Mrs. Gu?